OSDOCS#9971:Added breakglass feature modules for HCP clusters (#73863)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rosa-revoke-objects.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * rosa_cli/rosa-manage-objects-cli.adoc

[id="rosa-revoke-objects_{context}"]
= Revoke objects

This section describes the `revoke` commands for clusters and resources.

[id="rosa-revoke-break-glass-credential_{context}"]
== revoke-break-glass-credential

Revokes all break glass credentials from a specified hosted control plane cluster with external authentication enabled.

.Syntax
[source,terminal]
----
$ rosa revoke break-glass-credential --cluster=<cluster_name> | <cluster_id>
----

.Arguments
[cols="30,70"]
|===
|Option |Definition

|--cluster
|Required: The name or ID (string) of the cluster from which the break glass credentials will be deleted.
|===

.Optional arguments inherited from parent commands
[cols="30,70"]
|===
|Option |Definition

|--help
|Shows help for this command.

|--debug
|Enables debug mode.

|--interactive
|Enables interactive mode.

|--profile
|Specifies an AWS profile (string) from your credentials file.

|--yes
|Automatically answers `yes` to confirm the operation.
|===

.Example

> Delete a cluster administrator from a cluster named `mycluster`.

Author: Great catch!

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * rosa_cli/rosa-manage-objects-cli.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="rosa-revoke-objects_{context}"]
= Revoke objects

This section describes the `revoke` commands for clusters and resources.

[id="rosa-revoke-break-glass-credential_{context}"]
== revoke-break-glass-credential

Revokes all break glass credentials from a specified hosted control plane cluster with external authentication enabled.

.Syntax
[source,terminal]
----
$ rosa revoke break-glass-credential --cluster=<cluster_name> | <cluster_id>
----

.Arguments
[cols="30,70"]
|===
|Option |Definition

|--cluster
|Required: The name or ID (string) of the cluster from which the break glass credentials will be deleted.
|===

.Optional arguments inherited from parent commands
[cols="30,70"]
|===
|Option |Definition

|--help
|Shows help for this command.

|--debug
|Enables debug mode.

> |--interactive

Reviewer: There is no "--interactive" option for revoke command

|Enables interactive mode.

|--profile
|Specifies an AWS profile (string) from your credentials file.

|--yes
|Automatically answers `yes` to confirm the operation.
|===

.Example

> Revoke a break glass credential from a cluster named `mycluster`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Revoke the break glass credentials from a cluster named `mycluster`.
```

[source,terminal]
----

> $ rosa revoke break-glass-credential -c  --cluster=mycluster

Reviewer: Here the command must be "rosa revoke break-glass-credential --cluster=mycluster"
